                                      RESUME
AJAY JAISWAR                                       jaiswarajaym@gmail.com
Mailing Address: Flat no.103,first floor, Saraswati Apts. Opp. Zila Parishad Marathi School,
Kolegaon, Dombivli East.
Contact No: 08793630158 / 09420070248


Career Objective:
To work sincerely and efficiently to produce outstanding result by applying my skills and experience
to the best of my ability, and there by ensure steady and mutual growth for the institute.


Professional Efficiency & Strengths:
Goal oriented, self Confidence, & Leadership

Educational Qualification:

    Submitted Ph.D. Thesis in December 2025 in Indian writing in English to the
     department of English, University of Mumbai.

    B.Ed. from St. Xavier’s Institute of Education Mumbai.

    M.A. in English Literature from BAMU.
     College: Milind College of Arts, Science and Commerce.

    B.A. in English Literature from the University of Mumbai.
    College: R.K. Talreja College of Arts, Science and Commerce, Ulhasnagar.



Teaching experience

          Working as an Asst. Prof. at New Horizon Institute of Technology and Management,
           Thane. ( Subject Taught: Communication Skills, Business Model Development, Indian
           Knowledge System)

          Worked as an Asst. Prof. at Vivekanand Education Society Institute of Technology
           Chembur. (Subject Taught: Communication Skills, Universal Human Values)


          Worked as an Asst. Prof. at Don Bosco Institute of Technology, Vidyavihar,
           Mumbai.(Subject Taught: Communication Skills)

          Worked as an Asst. Prof. at Shah & Anchor Kutchhi Engineering College, Chembur.
           (Subject Taught: Communication Skills)
Research Publication and Paper Presentation:

      Published and Presented research paper on November 2025 in one-day multidisciplinary
       International Conference on “Vasudhaiva Kutumbakam: The Ethical, Legal and Sustainable
       Fundamentals of a One Earth-One Family Approach” entitled: The Conceptual Foundation
       for Examining the Relationship between Environmental Protection and Human Rights.

      Published and Presented research paper on April 2025 in one-day multidisciplinary
       International Conference on “Bridging Worlds: Intersections of Language, Literature and
       Culture in a Globalized Context” entitled: A Study of Pain and Resistance in Vasant Moon’s
       Autobiography Growing up Untouchable in India.

      Published and Presented research paper on February 2025 in one day International
       Conference on “Language, Literature and Social Science: New Approaches and Perspectives”
       entitled: An Authentic Representation of Urmila Pawar’s Existence of Suffering with
       reference to The Weave of My Life.

      Published research paper on December 2024 in the Scopus Journal of “Communication and
       Management Journal” entitled: The Representation of Trauma and Resistance with special
       reference to Manoranjan Byapari’s Interrogating My Chandal Life. ISSN NO: 2269-7195

      Published research paper on June 2021 in the recognized international journal of UGC Care
       List entitled: An Authentic Representation of Pain and Resistance of the Downtrodden with
       special reference to Omprakash Valmiki’s Joothan. ISSN NO: 0976-0822.

      Published research paper on January 2021 in the recognized international journal of UGC
       Care List entitled: A Powerful Representation of Downtrodden Existence and Realities with
       special reference to Sharankumar Limbale’s The Outcaste. ISSN NO: 0337-743X.


Resource Person/Talks and Lectures:

      As a resource person deliver a one week session on Employment and Corporate Skills to the
       post graduate students at R.C. Patel’s Institute of Management Research and Development
       Shirpur.

      As a resource person deliver a one week session on Interpersonal Skills to the graduate
       students at Matoshri College of Engineering & Research Centre Nashik.

      As a resource person deliver a one week session on Soft Skills at Theem College of
       Engineering Boisar.
      As a resource person deliver a two week session on Personality Development to the teaching
       faculty of Gurukul International School Badlapur.
Other Academic Responsibilities:

       Worked as a Time Table Co-ordinator.
       Worked in an Exam Department.
       Worked in Training & Placement.
       Worked in an Admission Department.


Workshop and Seminar:

    Participated Workshop on “Understanding MLA 9th Edition” on 7th February 2022
     conducted by V.G. Vaze College of Arts, Science & Commerce (Autonomous) Mumbai.

    Participated workshop on “Dissertation Writing”, organized by Department of English and
     Political Science, Kirti M. Doongursee College of Arts, Science and Commerce Mumbai on
     10th February 2022.
    Successfully completed research on “parental involvement in child’s education” under the
     guidance of Dr.Ms.Vini Sebastian from St. Xavier’s Institute of Education Mumbai.
    Attended rural camp in Gujarat for one week to guide rural students, behalf of St.Xavier’s
     Institute of Education Mumbai.
    Successfully completed one week internship in St.Joseph’s High School Wadala Mumbai.
    Attended a workshop on “Leadership skills” conducted by Dr. Radha Shet in Smt.C.H.M.
     College Ulhasnagar.



Computer Skills
Basic knowledge of computer (MS – Word and Excel)
.
Hobbies
Reading books

Personal Details
Date of Birth: 10th May 1988
Marital status: Single
Nationality: Indian
Languages Known: English, Hindi and Marathi.

Declaration
I hereby declare that all the above mentioned information is true and to the best of my knowledge.

References

Date:

Place: Dombivli                                                              (Prof.Ajay Jaiswar)
